There's gonna be a quick lesson on drop downs and drop downs.
Provide us an option.
Teoh.
Provide more information on the drop down to providing a menu.
And if we've got a button where we've got possible alternative actions and we were
presented to the user,
that's what drop downs can do.
And of course,
you can use the different button colors to make your things come more toe life.
There's also the button split where you can have the splitter in the merits.
That's the drop down divider.
So adding that class and there's also the sizing,
So the same with the buttons.
Still the same sizing,
so that Bt en large Bt and Smalls to have the different sizing your seven option and so
dropped down you could drop up.
This isn't very used very often,
but there are some cases where you might want to present the content this way.
If depending on how your layout is,
you could also adopt to the right drop to the left and again,
I don't see these being used very often,
but of course it is an option within the menu.
You can have it all opened so that there's no drop down.
You can also set one too active set,
12 disabled and then also customize the alignment.
And there's a responsive alignment as well.
So left,
aligned on large screens.
So again,
this is another option.
There's quite a few with the drop downs,
but mainly what we're gonna be looking at is just a basic drop down and then applying some
colors and also adding in the divider for those.
So let's open the editor and we'll check out what we can do with the drop downs.
So first we need to create apparent element,
and that's just gonna be a diff Give it a class and the class is dropped down,
and then the contents within here is what's going to get dropped down.
So typically you'd have,
ah,
button or something like that to create the drop down action.
So this is something that the user takes an action,
and it's kind of similar to what we thought of when we were doing the accordion.
So do Primary Button.
It's a primary button color,
more options,
and then we'll add in the attributes.
So the tape is button and the I D is gonna be D D one and the data toggle attributes is
gonna indicate that it's a drop down.
Now it's ready to attach the drop down action.
And that's where we've got a div with the contents that we have for the drop down.
Give this one a list of drop down menu so that the content contained within it is going to
be associated us the drop down menu.
And then here you can have a number of hyperlinks that are going to number different sites
and have the action of drop down item and this world created as a drop down item.
It's no When you click this,
it's gonna open up the different items,
and I didn't have any content in there,
So this would be website one.
Close,
open,
close.
We can have a bunch of items if we want.
As long as everything is contained within the parent,
drop down bootstraps going to know what to do with these.
There is also options to add in the divider,
so if you've got quite a bit that you're doing within the drop down,
you can always add in these dividers and drop down.
It's called a class of drop down divider.
You don't have to have any content within this element as this is a default.
Just a styling addition and then with these use,
have the same options as we saw with the buttons where you've got the large buttons,
that small buttons,
you can have all the different button colors as well,
and that's how you can set up a drop down and typically done within a navigation menu.